add note about `.web.js` extension (#4746)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/react-native/platform-specific-code.md

## Native-specific extensions (i.e. sharing code with NodeJS and Web)

> You can also use the `.native.js` or `.web.js` extension when a module needs to be shared between NodeJS/Web and React Native but it has no Android/iOS differences or vice versa. This is specially useful for projects that has common code shared among React Native and ReactJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `.native.js` or `.web.js` extensions when a module needs to be shared between NodeJS/Web and React Native but it has no Android/iOS differences, or vice versa. This is especially useful for projects that have common code shared among React Native and ReactJS.
```
